In the last lecture, we created our form here in TypeScript.
The issue is it's nice to have it here but our actual form you could say lives in the HTML
template.
So we somehow need to synchronize our HTML inputs and our own form or this form in general with
our own form.
Right now, Angular doesn't know which of our TypeScript controls here relates to which input in our
template code, it actually doesn't even know that our form, signupForm here should be attached to
this form.
Right now, the one thing it is doing is it is autodetecting that this is a form and it creates a form
for us.
Now we don't want it to do that,
so we have to add some directives to overwrite this default behavior to give Angular different instructions.
For these directives to work,
you definitely need to make sure that you add the import to reactive forms module in your app module
otherwise you will get errors.
Now the first directive we need to add is here on the form itself via property binding, the
formGroup directive.
Now this simply tells Angular, hey please take my formGroup,
don't infer one,
don't create a form for me,
use my formGroup and we need to set up property binding here because we need to pass our form as an
argument to the directive.
So here we should reference our signupForm, the property we created here which stores our form.
We're passing this via property binding to the formGroup and now this form is actually synchronized
with the form we created in TypeScript but we still need to tell Angular which controls should be connected
to which inputs in the template code,
for this we get another directive. On this input here
for example, the username, we add the formControlName directive to tell Angular,
hey what's the name of this input in my form,
in my TypeScript form.
Well the name is username, this name here because that's the control I want to connect to this input,
so I simply pass username here.
If you're wondering why I'm not using property binding, I'm passing a string here.
So if you want to use property binding, you can do this by wrapping this in square brackets and then enclosing
the username in single quotation marks
otherwise it would search for a property named username but this is overly complicated,
if you just want to pass a string, simply omit the square brackets and you're good to go.
So with this we're telling Angular hey my form should be connected to the form stored in the signupForm
property
and in this form, this input here should be connected to the control with the name username.
Well now I can simply repeat this for the e-mail, here the name was e-mail, the name we set up here,
now this control is connected
and for the gender of course.
So in this input here,
I will bind this to gender.
Now with this, let's save this so that it compiles
and now let's have a look at it.
We don't see any errors which looks good,
we see that mail is preselected, looks promising because that was the default value we set when
we created the control in TypeScript and if we now switch to female, only one of the two is selected.
We also see if we select e-mail here, that the Angular classes are untouched, pristine,
valid and so on.
So it indeed looks like our inputs in HTML are correctly synchronized to our form we created in TypeScript.
So this was successful,
the next step is to actually submit the form to see how this works.